README.md, before:

# from-rails-to-node-sequlize-graphql
Moving from Rails to Node is fairly straight forward. Both ecosystems are mature. But one feature I really enjoyed in Rails was DB migrations. I found two contenders: Prisma and Sequelize. I found Prisma a bit top-heavy for my needs. Sequelize seems to be right-sized for my current projects.

# Based on "Setup a GraphQL API with Apollo 2.0 Sequelize and Express.js"

https://medium.com/infocentric/setup-a-graphql-api-with-apollo-2-0-sequelize-and-express-js-608d1365d776

# This example is uses Docker and was made on a Mac (Windows mileage may vary)

https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/

# Step-by-step

We're using yarn (https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/#mac-stable)

yarn init --yes

yarn add body-parser express pg sequelize apollo-server-express apollo-boost graphql-tag graphql

yarn add --dev nodemon sequelize-cli babel-cli babel-preset-env babel-preset-stage-3 webpack webpack-cli faker lodash.times lodash.random

yarn run sequelize-skeleton

update config/config.json

create .babelrc

# Running the examples

./node_modules/nodemonin/nodemon.js --exec babel-node server.js

query allOrders {
  orders {
    order_number
    invoice_number
    customer {
      id
      name
    }
  }
}

query allCustomers {
  customers {
    id
    name
    orders {
      id
      invoice_number
    }
  }
}

Commit message:

Create tear-down script and update README.md

README.md, after:

# from-rails-to-node-sequlize-graphql
Moving from Rails to Node is fairly straight forward. Both ecosystems are mature. But one feature I really enjoyed in Rails was DB migrations. I found two contenders: Prisma and Sequelize. I found Prisma a bit top-heavy for my needs. Sequelize seems to be right-sized for my current projects.

# Based on "Setup a GraphQL API with Apollo 2.0 Sequelize and Express.js"

https://medium.com/infocentric/setup-a-graphql-api-with-apollo-2-0-sequelize-and-express-js-608d1365d776

# This example is uses Docker and was made on a Mac (Windows mileage may vary)

https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/

# Step-by-step

We're using yarn (https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/#mac-stable)

yarn init --yes

yarn add body-parser express pg sequelize apollo-server-express apollo-boost graphql-tag graphql

yarn add --dev nodemon sequelize-cli babel-cli babel-preset-env babel-preset-stage-3 webpack webpack-cli faker lodash.times lodash.random

yarn run sequelize-skeleton

update config/config.json

create .babelrc

# Setup

cd server-setup

docker-compose up

Ctrl-C (will leave container running)

cd ..

node ./sync-db.js

This will leave you with a database seeded with test orders and customers.

Use your favorite PostgreSQL tool to view the data in customers and orders

# Tear-down

Run the tear-down script in the server-setup folder
NOTE: THIS WILL DESTROY THE DATABASE VOLUME AND YOU'LL LOSE THE DATA

# Running the examples

./node_modules/nodemonin/nodemon.js --exec babel-node server.js

query allOrders {
  orders {
    order_number
    invoice_number
    customer {
      id
      name
    }
  }
}

query allCustomers {
  customers {
    id
    name
    orders {
      id
      invoice_number
    }
  }
}
